set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC01156-Control-VR protocols bgp 22 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC01184-Control-VR protocols bgp 130 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC01281-Control-VR protocols bgp 78 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC01817-Control-VR protocols bgp 42 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC01941-Control-VR protocols bgp 18 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC01941W-Control-VR protocols bgp 24 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC01945W-Control-VR protocols bgp 45 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC02049-Control-VR protocols bgp 108 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC02135-Control-VR protocols bgp 70 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC02253-Control-VR protocols bgp 106 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC02267-Control-VR protocols bgp 40 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC02389-Control-VR protocols bgp 56 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC02862-Control-VR protocols bgp 91 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC02945-Control-VR protocols bgp 89 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC03024-Control-VR protocols bgp 33 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC03087-Control-VR protocols bgp 49 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC03257-Control-VR protocols bgp 111 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC03264-Control-VR protocols bgp 86 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC03620-Control-VR protocols bgp 137 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC03658-Control-VR protocols bgp 92 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC03969-Control-VR protocols bgp 11 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC041103199-Control-VR protocols bgp 31 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC041200213-Control-VR protocols bgp 120 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04305W-Control-VR protocols bgp 29 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04358-Control-VR protocols bgp 28 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04366-Control-VR protocols bgp 34 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04370-Control-VR protocols bgp 38 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04382-Control-VR protocols bgp 55 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04382W-Control-VR protocols bgp 75 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04441-Control-VR protocols bgp 23 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04458-Control-VR protocols bgp 32 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04472-Control-VR protocols bgp 25 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04475-Control-VR protocols bgp 27 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04489-Control-VR protocols bgp 46 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04578-Control-VR protocols bgp 35 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04584-Control-VR protocols bgp 36 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04603-Control-VR protocols bgp 47 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04624-Control-VR protocols bgp 39 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04694-Control-VR protocols bgp 48 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04721-Control-VR protocols bgp 71 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04733-Control-VR protocols bgp 50 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04758-Control-VR protocols bgp 52 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04761-Control-VR protocols bgp 80 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04798-Control-VR protocols bgp 69 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04884-Control-VR protocols bgp 63 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04932-Control-VR protocols bgp 62 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04946-Control-VR protocols bgp 60 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC04968-Control-VR protocols bgp 66 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05020-Control-VR protocols bgp 68 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05144-Control-VR protocols bgp 73 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05162-Control-VR protocols bgp 76 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05203-Control-VR protocols bgp 77 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05319-Control-VR protocols bgp 81 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05325-Control-VR protocols bgp 82 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05345-Control-VR protocols bgp 83 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05374-Control-VR protocols bgp 84 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05398-Control-VR protocols bgp 88 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05410-Control-VR protocols bgp 87 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05414-Control-VR protocols bgp 93 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05463-Control-VR protocols bgp 95 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05484-Control-VR protocols bgp 94 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05513-Control-VR protocols bgp 96 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05515-Control-VR protocols bgp 97 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05517-Control-VR protocols bgp 98 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05519-Control-VR protocols bgp 118 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05521-Control-VR protocols bgp 100 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05523-Control-VR protocols bgp 101 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05538-Control-VR protocols bgp 109 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05541-Control-VR protocols bgp 110 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05548-Control-VR protocols bgp 115 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05554-Control-VR protocols bgp 114 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05559-Control-VR protocols bgp 148 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05560-Control-VR protocols bgp 124 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05563-Control-VR protocols bgp 121 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05564-Control-VR protocols bgp 129 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05566-Control-VR protocols bgp 128 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05567-Control-VR protocols bgp 125 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05569-Control-VR protocols bgp 127 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05570-Control-VR protocols bgp 132 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05574-Control-VR protocols bgp 152 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05577-Control-VR protocols bgp 135 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05581-Control-VR protocols bgp 139 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05582-Control-VR protocols bgp 141 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05583-Control-VR protocols bgp 143 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05585-Control-VR protocols bgp 142 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05586-Control-VR protocols bgp 145 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05587-Control-VR protocols bgp 140 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05588-Control-VR protocols bgp 146 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC05589-Control-VR protocols bgp 144 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC060204115-Control-VR protocols bgp 104 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC060302230-Control-VR protocols bgp 58 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC060401057-Control-VR protocols bgp 105 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC060401471-Control-VR protocols bgp 126 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC060500463-Control-VR protocols bgp 131 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances IPC060800966-Control-VR protocols bgp 85 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-BRU config routing-instances TACIPC99-Control-VR protocols bgp 250 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC01156-Control-VR protocols bgp 22 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC01281-Control-VR protocols bgp 78 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC01817-Control-VR protocols bgp 42 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC01941-Control-VR protocols bgp 18 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC01941W-Control-VR protocols bgp 24 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC01945-Control-VR protocols bgp 20 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC01945W-Control-VR protocols bgp 45 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC02049-Control-VR protocols bgp 108 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC02135-Control-VR protocols bgp 70 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC02389-Control-VR protocols bgp 56 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC02862-Control-VR protocols bgp 91 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC03087-Control-VR protocols bgp 49 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC03257-Control-VR protocols bgp 111 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC03264-Control-VR protocols bgp 86 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC03620-Control-VR protocols bgp 137 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC03658-Control-VR protocols bgp 92 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04305W-Control-VR protocols bgp 29 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04358-Control-VR protocols bgp 28 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04366-Control-VR protocols bgp 34 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04370-Control-VR protocols bgp 38 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04441-Control-VR protocols bgp 23 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04458-Control-VR protocols bgp 32 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04472-Control-VR protocols bgp 25 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04475-Control-VR protocols bgp 27 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04489-Control-VR protocols bgp 46 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04578-Control-VR protocols bgp 35 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04584-Control-VR protocols bgp 36 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04624-Control-VR protocols bgp 39 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04694-Control-VR protocols bgp 48 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04721-Control-VR protocols bgp 71 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04733-Control-VR protocols bgp 50 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04761-Control-VR protocols bgp 80 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04884-Control-VR protocols bgp 63 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04932-Control-VR protocols bgp 62 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04946-Control-VR protocols bgp 60 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC04968-Control-VR protocols bgp 66 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05020-Control-VR protocols bgp 68 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05162-Control-VR protocols bgp 76 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05319-Control-VR protocols bgp 81 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05345-Control-VR protocols bgp 83 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05398-Control-VR protocols bgp 88 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05410-Control-VR protocols bgp 87 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05414-Control-VR protocols bgp 93 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05484-Control-VR protocols bgp 94 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05517-Control-VR protocols bgp 98 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05521-Control-VR protocols bgp 100 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05523-Control-VR protocols bgp 101 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05538-Control-VR protocols bgp 109 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05541-Control-VR protocols bgp 110 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05548-Control-VR protocols bgp 115 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05560-Control-VR protocols bgp 124 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05563-Control-VR protocols bgp 121 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05564-Control-VR protocols bgp 129 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05566-Control-VR protocols bgp 128 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05567-Control-VR protocols bgp 125 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05569-Control-VR protocols bgp 127 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05570-Control-VR protocols bgp 132 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05574-Control-VR protocols bgp 152 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05581-Control-VR protocols bgp 139 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05582-Control-VR protocols bgp 141 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05583-Control-VR protocols bgp 143 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05585-Control-VR protocols bgp 142 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05586-Control-VR protocols bgp 145 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05587-Control-VR protocols bgp 140 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05588-Control-VR protocols bgp 146 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC05589-Control-VR protocols bgp 144 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC060204115-Control-VR protocols bgp 104 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC060302230-Control-VR protocols bgp 58 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC060401057-Control-VR protocols bgp 105 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC060401471-Control-VR protocols bgp 126 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-FRA config routing-instances IPC060500463-Control-VR protocols bgp 131 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-HKG config routing-instances COLT-Control-VR protocols bgp 1 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-HKG config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-HKG config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-HKG config routing-instances IPC04932-Control-VR protocols bgp 62 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-HKG config routing-instances IPC05398-Control-VR protocols bgp 88 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-HKG config routing-instances IPC05566-Control-VR protocols bgp 128 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-HKG config routing-instances TACIPC99-Control-VR protocols bgp 250 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC01941-Control-VR protocols bgp 18 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC01941W-Control-VR protocols bgp 24 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC03094-Control-VR protocols bgp 41 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC03264-Control-VR protocols bgp 86 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04120-Control-VR protocols bgp 16 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04358-Control-VR protocols bgp 28 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04366-Control-VR protocols bgp 34 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04382-Control-VR protocols bgp 55 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04382W-Control-VR protocols bgp 75 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04458-Control-VR protocols bgp 32 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04472-Control-VR protocols bgp 25 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04489-Control-VR protocols bgp 46 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04603-Control-VR protocols bgp 47 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04624-Control-VR protocols bgp 39 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC04798-Control-VR protocols bgp 69 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05020-Control-VR protocols bgp 68 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05319-Control-VR protocols bgp 81 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05325-Control-VR protocols bgp 82 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05374-Control-VR protocols bgp 84 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05398-Control-VR protocols bgp 88 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05484-Control-VR protocols bgp 94 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05515-Control-VR protocols bgp 97 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05517-Control-VR protocols bgp 98 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05538-Control-VR protocols bgp 109 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05541-Control-VR protocols bgp 110 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05548-Control-VR protocols bgp 115 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05560-Control-VR protocols bgp 124 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05563-Control-VR protocols bgp 121 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05567-Control-VR protocols bgp 125 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05569-Control-VR protocols bgp 127 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-MAD config routing-instances IPC05577-Control-VR protocols bgp 135 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-NYC config routing-instances IPC01281-Control-VR protocols bgp 78 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-NYC config routing-instances IPC01941W-Control-VR protocols bgp 24 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-NYC config routing-instances IPC03264-Control-VR protocols bgp 86 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-NYC config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-NYC config routing-instances IPC04489-Control-VR protocols bgp 46 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-NYC config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-NYC config routing-instances IPC04624-Control-VR protocols bgp 39 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-NYC config routing-instances IPC05398-Control-VR protocols bgp 88 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-NYC config routing-instances IPC05538-Control-VR protocols bgp 109 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-NYC config routing-instances IPC05567-Control-VR protocols bgp 125 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-NYC config routing-instances IPC05569-Control-VR protocols bgp 127 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-NYC config routing-instances IPC05577-Control-VR protocols bgp 135 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances COLT-Control-VR protocols bgp 1 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances IPC01184-Control-VR protocols bgp 130 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances IPC03264-Control-VR protocols bgp 86 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances IPC04366-Control-VR protocols bgp 34 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances IPC04733-Control-VR protocols bgp 50 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances IPC04758-Control-VR protocols bgp 52 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances IPC04946-Control-VR protocols bgp 60 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances IPC05319-Control-VR protocols bgp 81 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances IPC05463-Control-VR protocols bgp 95 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances IPC05519-Control-VR protocols bgp 118 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-SIN config routing-instances IPC05554-Control-VR protocols bgp 114 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-TYO config routing-instances COLT-Control-VR protocols bgp 1 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-TYO config routing-instances IPC01184-Control-VR protocols bgp 130 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-TYO config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-TYO config routing-instances IPC04733-Control-VR protocols bgp 50 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-TYO config routing-instances IPC05203-Control-VR protocols bgp 77 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-TYO config routing-instances IPC05554-Control-VR protocols bgp 114 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances COLT-Control-VR protocols bgp 1 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC01281-Control-VR protocols bgp 78 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC02253-Control-VR protocols bgp 106 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC03024-Control-VR protocols bgp 33 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC03264-Control-VR protocols bgp 86 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC04358-Control-VR protocols bgp 28 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC04472-Control-VR protocols bgp 25 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC04578-Control-VR protocols bgp 35 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC04721-Control-VR protocols bgp 71 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC04932-Control-VR protocols bgp 62 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05020-Control-VR protocols bgp 68 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05144-Control-VR protocols bgp 73 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05162-Control-VR protocols bgp 76 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05319-Control-VR protocols bgp 81 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05414-Control-VR protocols bgp 93 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05517-Control-VR protocols bgp 98 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05521-Control-VR protocols bgp 100 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05538-Control-VR protocols bgp 109 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05541-Control-VR protocols bgp 110 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05548-Control-VR protocols bgp 115 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05567-Control-VR protocols bgp 125 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05569-Control-VR protocols bgp 127 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05570-Control-VR protocols bgp 132 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC05577-Control-VR protocols bgp 135 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC1-XBT config routing-instances IPC060800966-Control-VR protocols bgp 85 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC01184-Control-VR protocols bgp 130 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC01281-Control-VR protocols bgp 78 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC01817-Control-VR protocols bgp 42 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC01941-Control-VR protocols bgp 18 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC01941W-Control-VR protocols bgp 24 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC02049-Control-VR protocols bgp 108 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC02267-Control-VR protocols bgp 40 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC02389-Control-VR protocols bgp 56 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC02862-Control-VR protocols bgp 91 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC02945-Control-VR protocols bgp 89 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC03024-Control-VR protocols bgp 33 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC03087-Control-VR protocols bgp 49 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC03257-Control-VR protocols bgp 111 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC03264-Control-VR protocols bgp 86 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC03620-Control-VR protocols bgp 137 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC03969-Control-VR protocols bgp 11 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC041103199-Control-VR protocols bgp 31 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC041200213-Control-VR protocols bgp 120 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04358-Control-VR protocols bgp 28 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04366-Control-VR protocols bgp 34 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04441-Control-VR protocols bgp 23 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04458-Control-VR protocols bgp 32 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04472-Control-VR protocols bgp 25 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04489-Control-VR protocols bgp 46 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04603-Control-VR protocols bgp 47 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04624-Control-VR protocols bgp 39 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04694-Control-VR protocols bgp 48 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04721-Control-VR protocols bgp 71 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04733-Control-VR protocols bgp 50 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04884-Control-VR protocols bgp 63 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04932-Control-VR protocols bgp 62 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC04946-Control-VR protocols bgp 60 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05020-Control-VR protocols bgp 68 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05144-Control-VR protocols bgp 73 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05162-Control-VR protocols bgp 76 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05319-Control-VR protocols bgp 81 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05398-Control-VR protocols bgp 88 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05414-Control-VR protocols bgp 93 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05484-Control-VR protocols bgp 94 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05513-Control-VR protocols bgp 96 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05517-Control-VR protocols bgp 98 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05521-Control-VR protocols bgp 100 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05523-Control-VR protocols bgp 101 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05538-Control-VR protocols bgp 109 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05541-Control-VR protocols bgp 110 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05548-Control-VR protocols bgp 115 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05559-Control-VR protocols bgp 148 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05563-Control-VR protocols bgp 121 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05566-Control-VR protocols bgp 128 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05567-Control-VR protocols bgp 125 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances IPC05569-Control-VR protocols bgp 127 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-BRU config routing-instances TACIPC99-Control-VR protocols bgp 250 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC01156-Control-VR protocols bgp 22 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC01184-Control-VR protocols bgp 130 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC01281-Control-VR protocols bgp 78 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC01817-Control-VR protocols bgp 42 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC01941-Control-VR protocols bgp 18 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC01941W-Control-VR protocols bgp 24 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC01945-Control-VR protocols bgp 20 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC01945W-Control-VR protocols bgp 45 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC02049-Control-VR protocols bgp 108 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC02135-Control-VR protocols bgp 70 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC02253-Control-VR protocols bgp 106 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC02267-Control-VR protocols bgp 40 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC02389-Control-VR protocols bgp 56 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC02862-Control-VR protocols bgp 91 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC02945-Control-VR protocols bgp 89 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC03024-Control-VR protocols bgp 33 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC03087-Control-VR protocols bgp 49 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC03094-Control-VR protocols bgp 41 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC03257-Control-VR protocols bgp 111 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC03264-Control-VR protocols bgp 86 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC03620-Control-VR protocols bgp 137 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC03658-Control-VR protocols bgp 92 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC041103199-Control-VR protocols bgp 31 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC041200213-Control-VR protocols bgp 120 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04305-Control-VR protocols bgp 19 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04305W-Control-VR protocols bgp 29 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04358-Control-VR protocols bgp 28 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04366-Control-VR protocols bgp 34 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04370-Control-VR protocols bgp 38 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04382-Control-VR protocols bgp 55 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04382W-Control-VR protocols bgp 75 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04441-Control-VR protocols bgp 23 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04458-Control-VR protocols bgp 32 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04472-Control-VR protocols bgp 25 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04475-Control-VR protocols bgp 27 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04489-Control-VR protocols bgp 46 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04578-Control-VR protocols bgp 35 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04584-Control-VR protocols bgp 36 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04603-Control-VR protocols bgp 47 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04624-Control-VR protocols bgp 39 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04694-Control-VR protocols bgp 48 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04721-Control-VR protocols bgp 71 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04733-Control-VR protocols bgp 50 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04758-Control-VR protocols bgp 52 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04761-Control-VR protocols bgp 80 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04798-Control-VR protocols bgp 69 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04884-Control-VR protocols bgp 63 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04932-Control-VR protocols bgp 62 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04946-Control-VR protocols bgp 60 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC04968-Control-VR protocols bgp 66 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05020-Control-VR protocols bgp 68 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05144-Control-VR protocols bgp 73 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05162-Control-VR protocols bgp 76 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05203-Control-VR protocols bgp 77 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05319-Control-VR protocols bgp 81 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05325-Control-VR protocols bgp 82 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05345-Control-VR protocols bgp 83 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05374-Control-VR protocols bgp 84 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05398-Control-VR protocols bgp 88 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05410-Control-VR protocols bgp 87 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05414-Control-VR protocols bgp 93 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05463-Control-VR protocols bgp 95 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05484-Control-VR protocols bgp 94 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05513-Control-VR protocols bgp 96 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05515-Control-VR protocols bgp 97 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05517-Control-VR protocols bgp 98 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05519-Control-VR protocols bgp 118 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05521-Control-VR protocols bgp 100 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05523-Control-VR protocols bgp 101 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05538-Control-VR protocols bgp 109 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05541-Control-VR protocols bgp 110 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05548-Control-VR protocols bgp 115 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05554-Control-VR protocols bgp 114 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05559-Control-VR protocols bgp 148 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05560-Control-VR protocols bgp 124 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05563-Control-VR protocols bgp 121 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05564-Control-VR protocols bgp 129 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05566-Control-VR protocols bgp 128 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05567-Control-VR protocols bgp 125 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05569-Control-VR protocols bgp 127 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05570-Control-VR protocols bgp 132 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05574-Control-VR protocols bgp 152 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05577-Control-VR protocols bgp 135 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05581-Control-VR protocols bgp 139 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05582-Control-VR protocols bgp 141 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05583-Control-VR protocols bgp 143 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05585-Control-VR protocols bgp 142 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05586-Control-VR protocols bgp 145 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05587-Control-VR protocols bgp 140 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05588-Control-VR protocols bgp 146 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC05589-Control-VR protocols bgp 144 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC060204115-Control-VR protocols bgp 104 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC060302230-Control-VR protocols bgp 58 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC060401057-Control-VR protocols bgp 105 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC060401471-Control-VR protocols bgp 126 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC060500463-Control-VR protocols bgp 131 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances IPC060800966-Control-VR protocols bgp 85 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-FRA config routing-instances TACIPC99-Control-VR protocols bgp 250 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-HKG config routing-instances COLT-Control-VR protocols bgp 1 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-HKG config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-HKG config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-HKG config routing-instances IPC04932-Control-VR protocols bgp 62 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-HKG config routing-instances IPC05398-Control-VR protocols bgp 88 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-HKG config routing-instances IPC05566-Control-VR protocols bgp 128 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC01941-Control-VR protocols bgp 18 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC01941W-Control-VR protocols bgp 24 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC03094-Control-VR protocols bgp 41 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC03264-Control-VR protocols bgp 86 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04120-Control-VR protocols bgp 16 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04358-Control-VR protocols bgp 28 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04366-Control-VR protocols bgp 34 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04382-Control-VR protocols bgp 55 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04382W-Control-VR protocols bgp 75 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04458-Control-VR protocols bgp 32 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04472-Control-VR protocols bgp 25 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04489-Control-VR protocols bgp 46 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04603-Control-VR protocols bgp 47 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04624-Control-VR protocols bgp 39 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC04798-Control-VR protocols bgp 69 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05020-Control-VR protocols bgp 68 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05319-Control-VR protocols bgp 81 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05325-Control-VR protocols bgp 82 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05374-Control-VR protocols bgp 84 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05398-Control-VR protocols bgp 88 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05484-Control-VR protocols bgp 94 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05515-Control-VR protocols bgp 97 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05517-Control-VR protocols bgp 98 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05538-Control-VR protocols bgp 109 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05541-Control-VR protocols bgp 110 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05548-Control-VR protocols bgp 115 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05560-Control-VR protocols bgp 124 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05563-Control-VR protocols bgp 121 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05567-Control-VR protocols bgp 125 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05569-Control-VR protocols bgp 127 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances IPC05577-Control-VR protocols bgp 135 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-MAD config routing-instances TACIPC99-Control-VR protocols bgp 250 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-NYC config routing-instances IPC01281-Control-VR protocols bgp 78 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-NYC config routing-instances IPC01941W-Control-VR protocols bgp 24 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-NYC config routing-instances IPC03264-Control-VR protocols bgp 86 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-NYC config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-NYC config routing-instances IPC04489-Control-VR protocols bgp 46 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-NYC config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-NYC config routing-instances IPC04624-Control-VR protocols bgp 39 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-NYC config routing-instances IPC05398-Control-VR protocols bgp 88 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-NYC config routing-instances IPC05538-Control-VR protocols bgp 109 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-NYC config routing-instances IPC05567-Control-VR protocols bgp 125 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-NYC config routing-instances IPC05569-Control-VR protocols bgp 127 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-NYC config routing-instances IPC05577-Control-VR protocols bgp 135 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances COLT-Control-VR protocols bgp 1 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances IPC01184-Control-VR protocols bgp 130 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances IPC03264-Control-VR protocols bgp 86 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances IPC04366-Control-VR protocols bgp 34 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances IPC04733-Control-VR protocols bgp 50 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances IPC04758-Control-VR protocols bgp 52 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances IPC04946-Control-VR protocols bgp 60 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances IPC05319-Control-VR protocols bgp 81 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances IPC05463-Control-VR protocols bgp 95 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances IPC05519-Control-VR protocols bgp 118 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-SIN config routing-instances IPC05554-Control-VR protocols bgp 114 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-TYO config routing-instances COLT-Control-VR protocols bgp 1 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-TYO config routing-instances IPC01184-Control-VR protocols bgp 130 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-TYO config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-TYO config routing-instances IPC04733-Control-VR protocols bgp 50 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-TYO config routing-instances IPC05203-Control-VR protocols bgp 77 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-TYO config routing-instances IPC05554-Control-VR protocols bgp 114 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances COLT-Control-VR protocols bgp 1 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC01281-Control-VR protocols bgp 78 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC02253-Control-VR protocols bgp 106 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC03024-Control-VR protocols bgp 33 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC03264-Control-VR protocols bgp 86 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC04248-Control-VR protocols bgp 17 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC04358-Control-VR protocols bgp 28 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC04472-Control-VR protocols bgp 25 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC04514-Control-VR protocols bgp 26 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC04578-Control-VR protocols bgp 35 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC04721-Control-VR protocols bgp 71 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC04932-Control-VR protocols bgp 62 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05020-Control-VR protocols bgp 68 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05144-Control-VR protocols bgp 73 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05162-Control-VR protocols bgp 76 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05319-Control-VR protocols bgp 81 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05414-Control-VR protocols bgp 93 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05517-Control-VR protocols bgp 98 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05521-Control-VR protocols bgp 100 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05538-Control-VR protocols bgp 109 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05541-Control-VR protocols bgp 110 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05548-Control-VR protocols bgp 115 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05567-Control-VR protocols bgp 125 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05569-Control-VR protocols bgp 127 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05570-Control-VR protocols bgp 132 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC05577-Control-VR protocols bgp 135 graceful-restart enable
set devices device NV-WC2-XBT config routing-instances IPC060800966-Control-VR protocols bgp 85 graceful-restart enable